WirelessLocation
================

This is a network location provider for Android. It aims to be a replacement
for the same service provided by Google.

Installation
============

As the google solution for this service it a system-app and furtheron only
system-apps are allowed to install a location-provider and only a single
network-location-provider may be installed you need an Android with no such app
installed. A plain cyanogenmod without gapps will do.

Way I
-----

To overwrite the original system-app or to install the app on a gapps-free
device do the following steps: Switch adb to run as root with `adb root`, make
the /system directory writeable with `adb remount`, copy the app to the right
place with `adb push bin/NetworkLocation-debug.apk
/system/app/NetworkLocation.apk`, clean the dalvik cache with `adb shell rm
/cache/dalvik-cache/system@app@NetworkLocation.apk@classes.dex` and reboot your
device with `adb shell reboot` or by the gui.

Way II
------

If you have a gapps free device you can jump over this step, other way you have
to deinstall the original app. For this move it out of /system to be not a
system app anymore (for example with "/system/ app mover" which is avaiable
free & open source), deinstall, reboot and then follow the next steps.

You can use adb to install the app (`adb install NetworkLocation-debug.apk`) or
install it from an url. You have to allow to install apps from unknown places
in that case. After you have installed this app you have to make it a system
app. You can do so by one of the nice apps for that (for example "/system/ app
mover" which is avaiable free & open source) or make it "by hand": You just get
a shell on the device (`adb shell`), get root (`su`), remount the system
directory rewritable (`mount -o remount,rw /system`) and copy the app there
(`cp /data/app/NetworkLocation.apk /system/app/NetworkLocation.apk`). After
that you have to reboot and clean the dalvik cache.

The original app may have different names. Common ones are NetworkLocation.apk
or com.google.android.location-1.apk. The app-name in the GUI is
NetworkLocation or (german) Netzwerkstandort.

Building
========

This app is plain old stupid, no mvn, no gradle, only ant is needed.

License
=======

The app itself is published under GPLv3. Feel free to use the code in you app
as long as you follow the rules. I would be more than happy to recieve notice
if you do so while i do not require so. For further information see the file
COPYING.

WARRANTIES
==========

There are no WARRANTIES, neither for the software, nor the build process, or
the information or anything around the project. If you start using this
software you agree that you are competent to do so and are responsible for any
kind of results doing so.

Acknowledgment
==============

The base for a location-provider is badly documented. So i used a different,
wonderful project named Î¼g which comes with a network location provider. Thanks
alot for the support and the work to mar-v-in!

